Since you think this appraisal report is a joke.
I have done the paternity test of Yun Qi and Su Quan a long time ago.
It's your agenda from start to finish.
Tell me what I will do right away.
The chairman asked me to do a paternity test,
And can't tell anyone.
The rest, you know what to do.
But for the human expression, he must have created a category.
It turned out to be right. Prepare a paternity test report,
Although there is something between us
But how can you slander me?
Able to study and start a family business
Even the fake ones can’t hold up.
How long will you continue to make trouble?
Look, you are the daughter-in-law of the left family
It’s enough to do your own classification
This matter is not allowed to be mentioned again in the future.